Please note that the script is in a very early version and is a bare-bones implementation to fulfil a very specific function and is not meant, or setup, to be a useful class to execute as an add-on to another class. This class depends on the following Python packages (all available from [anaconda.org ](https://anaconda.org)): matplotlib, numpy, pandas, astropy, astroquery and scipy.   
The Python script for this assignment takes a fits cube (format assumed to be identical to fits cubes for the MGCLS enhanced data release survey:https://archive-gw-1.kat.ac.za/public/repository/10.48479/7epd-w356/data/enhanced_products/bucket_contents.html [https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.05673]) and separates it into different frequency datasets. The first frequency is then plotted allowing the user to select up to 5 targets for spectral index analysis. The background is calculated using a sigma clipping method from astropy and NaN values are replaced with the background. From here the chosen target's flux density is plotted vs frequency and fitted for a power law spectral index. Finally, the chosen target coordinates are passed to astroquery to find the candidates for the source of emission. Any issues with the implementation or execution of the script can be referred to either author (LNDLLO002@myuct.ac.za or CMPFRA003@myuct.ac.za) for support.
Finally, please note that comments are severely lacking in the final version of the code as it was often changed to meet the expanding scope of the project. Future versions of the code aim to stand as a multi-purpose class instead of a single-use script and then will be properly implemented with docstrings, type hints and code comments. 
